README.md, before:

# 🏥 Medical Supply Website

A clean, responsive **front-end template** for a medical supply / pharmacy e-commerce website.  
This project is built using **HTML, CSS/SCSS, and JavaScript**.

---

## 📂 Project Structure

```
Medical-Supply/
├── css/          # Compiled CSS
├── fonts/        # Icon fonts
├── images/       # Image assets
├── js/           # JavaScript files
├── scss/         # SCSS source files
├── about.html
├── cart.html
├── checkout.html
├── contact.html
├── index.html
├── shop.html
├── shop-single.html
└── thankyou.html
```

---

## 🚀 Features

- Responsive design for desktop, tablet, and mobile  
- Multiple pages:
  - Home
  - Shop & product detail
  - Cart & checkout
  - Contact
  - About & Thank you  
- Organized SCSS for maintainable styling  
- Ready to be extended with backend integration  

---

## 🛠️ Getting Started

1. **Clone the repo**  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/talhaStti/Medical-Supply.git
   cd Medical-Supply
   ```

2. **Open `index.html` in your browser**  
   Or run with a live server:  
   ```bash
   live-server
   ```

3. **(Optional) Compile SCSS to CSS**  
   ```bash
   sass scss:css
   ```

---

## 📐 Built With

- **HTML5**
- **CSS3 / SCSS**
- **JavaScript**

---

## 🧠 Future Enhancements

- Shopping cart functionality with JS  
- Backend integration (Node.js, PHP, or Firebase)  
- User authentication  
- Contact form validation  
- Accessibility improvements (ARIA, WCAG)  

---

## 👤 Author

**Talha**  
- GitHub: [@talhaStti](https://github.com/talhaStti)  

---

## 📄 License

This project is open source. You can use it freely for learning or building upon it.

Commit message:

Added live demo link in README

README.md, after:

# 🏥 Medical Supply Website

A clean, responsive **front-end template** for a medical supply / pharmacy e-commerce website.  
This project is built using **HTML, CSS/SCSS, and JavaScript**.

---

## 📂 Project Structure

```
Medical-Supply/
├── css/          # Compiled CSS
├── fonts/        # Icon fonts
├── images/       # Image assets
├── js/           # JavaScript files
├── scss/         # SCSS source files
├── about.html
├── cart.html
├── checkout.html
├── contact.html
├── index.html
├── shop.html
├── shop-single.html
└── thankyou.html
```

---

## 🚀 Features

- Responsive design for desktop, tablet, and mobile  
- Multiple pages:
  - Home
  - Shop & product detail
  - Cart & checkout
  - Contact
  - About & Thank you  
- Organized SCSS for maintainable styling  
- Ready to be extended with backend integration  

---

## 🚀 Live Demo  
[Click here to view the website](https://talhastti.github.io/Medical-Supply/)


## 🛠️ Getting Started

1. **Clone the repo**  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/talhaStti/Medical-Supply.git
   cd Medical-Supply
   ```

2. **Open `index.html` in your browser**  
   Or run with a live server:  
   ```bash
   live-server
   ```

3. **(Optional) Compile SCSS to CSS**  
   ```bash
   sass scss:css
   ```

---

## 📐 Built With

- **HTML5**
- **CSS3 / SCSS**
- **JavaScript**

---

## 🧠 Future Enhancements

- Shopping cart functionality with JS  
- Backend integration (Node.js, PHP, or Firebase)  
- User authentication  
- Contact form validation  
- Accessibility improvements (ARIA, WCAG)  

---

## 👤 Author

**Talha**  
- GitHub: [@talhaStti](https://github.com/talhaStti)  

---

## 📄 License

This project is open source. You can use it freely for learning or building upon it.
